What is RESTFul Web Service?
Answer : There are two popular way to develop web services, using SOAP (Simple Object Access Protocol) 
which is XML based way to expose web services and second REST based web services which uses HTTP protocol. 
Web services developed using REST style is also known as RESTful Web Services.

what is http basic authentication and how it works in rest web services
Answer : Java restful webservices with HTTP basic authentication. In the context of a HTTP transaction, basic access 
authentication is a method for an HTTP user agent to provide a user name and password when making a request.

How you apply security in RESTFul web services
Answer : 
Securing RESTful Web Services Using web.xml
Define a <security-constraint> for each set of RESTful resources (URIs) that you plan to protect.
Use the <login-config> element to define the type of authentication you want to use and the security realm to which the security constraints will be applied.

Question 4 : Can you tell me which API can be used to develop RESTFul web service in Java?
Answer : There are many framework and libraries out there which helps to develop RESTful web services in Java including 
JAX-RS which is standard way to develop REST web services. Jersey is one of the popular implementation of JAX-RS which also 
offers more than specification recommends. Then you also have RESTEasy, RESTlet and Apache CFX. If you like Scala then you 
can also use Play framework to develop RESTful web services.

Have you used Jersey API to develop RESTful services in Java?
Answer : Jersey is one of the most popular framework and API to develop REST based web services in Java. 
Since many organization uses Jersey they check if candidate has used it before or not. It's simple to answer, 
say Yes if you have really used and No, 
if you have not. In case of No, you should also mention which framework you have used for developing RESTful web services e.g. 
Apache CFX, Play or Restlet.

What do you understand by payload in RESTFul?
Answer : Payload means data which passed inside request body also payload is not request parameters. 
So only you can do payload in POST  and not in GET and DELTE method

How you test RESTful web services?
If you are going to test your own Web service, make sure it is deployed and running.
Choose Tools.. rest client/postman.
Select the test request method from the HTTP method drop-down list. ...
Provide the data to calculate the URL address of the target method:

What is difference between SOAP and RESTFul web services?
Answer : There are many difference between these two style of web services e.g. 
SOAP take more bandwidth because of heavy weight XML based protocol but REST takes less bandwidth because of popular 
use of JSON as message protocol and leveraging HTTP method to define action. This also means that REST is faster than 
SOAP based web services. You can derive many differences between SOAP and RESTful with the fact that its HTTP based e.g. 
REST URLs can be cached or bookmarked. Here are few more differences between them :

Question 17 : If you have to develop web services which one you will choose SOAP OR RESTful and why?
Answer : You can answer this question based upon your experience but the key here is if you know difference between 
them than you can answer this question in more detail. For example, its easy to develop RESTful web services than 
SOAP based web services but later comes with some in-built security features.







